README.md, before:

## Hi there, i am Victor 
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-black?style=flat&logo=typescript)
![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-blue?style=flat&logo=flutter)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-blue?style=flat&logo=react)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-white?style=flat&logo=googlecloud)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-black?style=flat&logo=nodedotjs)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-white?style=flat&logo=docker)
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-white?style=social)

[![Victors's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=woidthevoid)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<!--
**woidthevoid/woidthevoid** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with personal info and technologies
Updated personal introduction and added details about education and technologies.

README.md, after:

# Hey, i am Victor. Thanks for stopping by 👋🏻
I am a software engineer, currently pursuing a MSc in Software Engineering. 

I am actively searching for opportunities where i can get professional experience out in the field, dont hestitate to [contact me](#how-to-reach-me)

## About me
```yaml
name: Victor Woydowski Dralle
nationality: Danish, though my name will say otherwise :)
location: Odense, Denmark
occupation: Full time student at SDU Odense
education:
  [
    "MSc in Software Engineering, SDU Odense",
    "B.Eng. in Software Technology, SDU Odense",
  ]
```

## Technologies i have experience with 💻🛠️
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/java/java-original.svg" width=45 height=45 />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/react/react-original.svg" width=45 height=45 />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/flutter/flutter-original.svg" width=45 height=45 />
</p>

[![Victors's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=woidthevoid&hide=stars&show_icons=true&rank_icon=github&include_all_commits)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

## How to reach me
![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&color=blue&link=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fin%2Fvictor-dralle%2F)
<!--
**woidthevoid/woidthevoid** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
